[Music]
we here married nothing went wrong even
my mother behaved herself he set eyes on
me for the first time hello hello and I
saw a man who wasn't wearing a jacket
nonsense
oh yes and trousers with amend and the
knee did you think then it was not so
sorry
now that girl actually I'm a little bit
scared what does his father do you mean
is he working class or one of us that's
more or less what I mean you don't seem
quite as happy as you should something's
bothering you flow coming flow it's easy
just point and choose something about
yourself little delicate but sex man who
says women are like doorways men can
enter through them
God's sake flirt how long have you been
there I thought I'd just ask your
question damn it
they alright I'm feeling rather sick
what is it darling nothing
[Music]
you can't change your mind
I really have to go
we can never be happy and it's all my
stupid fault
have you actually forgotten that we were
married today we're man and wife that's
what you promised
turn me
[Music]
it's hopeless is it